@Author: Aryan Dua 2020CS50475

								   PROGRAM REPORT
 								#Instructions to run

1. Load all the files (main.s, io.s, math.s) in ARMSim# by selecting the Load Multiple option.
2. 'main.s' should be loaded on top.
3. After successful loading of file, Click on the run button.
4. In the stdin/stdout window, please enter the values according to the format given below and press ENTER KEY after each line.
5. Please avoid backspaces, they may cause an error.
6. The output is the comparison result

 								#Program Description
 
1. The input needs to be entered in this format:
	string1
	string2
	comparison mode{0,1}
   Value 0 : case-insensitive comparison
   Value 1 : case-sensitive comparison
   
2.  In the 'main.s' file, in .data section, 's1' and 's2' are the spaces assigned for storing the two strings. 'greater', 'lesser', 'equal' are the output messages to be displayed.

3. r5 and r6 have dual roles- they point to the respective strings, as well as the 'i'th character.(at different places in the program)

4. r11 contains the value 0 or 1, for the comparison mode.

4. Finally on the basis of the value stored in r2, the appropriate mode of comparison is chosen. (In case of case-insensitive, I am converting all uppercase alphabets to lowercase)

5. The comparison algorithm is divided into various branches, beginning at the .compare branch.

6. Output is displayed through stdout using Angel SWI Instructions. The output is displayed with respect to the first string.

7. As informed in class, I have used the input output files from one of my batchmates. Prof. Anshul had told us that it is allowed as long as we mention the creator of the file. I have mentioned the name in the file itself. 

								#Test-cases tried by me

1. If first string is "Hello", second string is "ello"
   case-sensitive result(1): "First string is lesser than the second string"
   case-insensitive result(0): "First string is greater than the second string"
   
2. If first string is "ARYAN", second string is "aryaN"
   case-sensitive result(1): "First string is lesser than the second string"
   case-insensitive result(0): "Both the strings are equal"
   
3. If first string is "xYz", second string is "XYz"
   case-sensitive result(1): "First string is greater than the second string"
   case-insensitive result(0): "Both the strings are equal"   

4. If first string is "AbcDe", second string is "abcd"
   case-sensitive result(1): "First string is lesser than the second string"
   case-insensitive result(0): "First string is greater than the second string"
